
Individual Assignment &amp; Peer Assessment 1
25% participation contribution
This is an individual assignment, consisting of two parts. First, you have to complete the assignment and submit it on eFundi by the due date. Then, you have to peer review two of your colleagues’ assignments. The assignments to be peer reviewed will be assigned to you via eFundi anonymously.
Important:
Due to the peer review component, NO LATE SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Ensure that your assignments are completed before the due date in order to be prepared for potential problems with submission.
The peer review process is anonymous. In order to ensure your anonymity, DO NOT include a cover page with your personal details or include your details on the document in any way.
25% will be deducted from your own mark per peer assessment that you fail to complete.
Apart from completing the marking scheme when you peer review, you are asked to include two specific comments: A) What did the learner do well in the assignment?, and B) What can they do to improve on the assignment? (Note that you are required to indicate how the assignment can be improved, not what you, according to your opinion, think they did wrong!). If these specific comments do not appear alongside the marks according to the marking scheme, the assessment will be deemed incomplete and marks will be deducted from your assignment.
Plagiarism will result in a final mark of 0%.

Central to education is the ideal of sharing accumulated knowledge. By making use of your developed understanding of worldviews, write a short essay of 500 words on indigenous knowledge systems and education.

Marks will be awarded as follows:
1	Biographical issues (Harvard style)					  6 marks
2	Language and Writing							  8 marks
3	Reasoning									 10 marks
4	Introducing and problem statement					 15 marks
5	Definitions and keywords are explained					 8 marks
6	Critical discussions of theory/worldview					20 marks
7	Examples, scenarios/ cases are given					10 marks
8	Examples are discussed in terms of the theory/worldview		10 marks
9	Conclusion									15 marks
Total for essay: 100 marks


Guidelines to answering both questions:
The question requires you to critically evaluate and compare the concepts connected to worldviews and knowledge systems.
The assignment requires you to critically evaluate the situation(s) and formulate your own critical arguments – there is therefore no single right answer to be found in a text or on the internet, it is YOUR arguments that are assessed.
The questions are mini-essay type questions. This means that it requires you to write out proper answers – statements/claims with thorough arguments supporting them. No lists or tables!
All your work must be typed, 1 ½ spacing, Arial / Times New Roman, 11 maximum letter size.
Make accurate use of at least 1 source when answering the questions – provided source material of course included.
Copying content directly from sources is considered plagiarism. If plagiarism is detected, your final mark for the assignment will be 0%.
Any consulted sources have to be referenced.
The assignment should not exceed 550 words (excluding bibliography)
The completed assignment has to be uploaded electronically via eFundi (Assignments, not Dropbox)
The submission date will be announced on eFundi.












Rubric (Fill-in version provided separately): 
12-15
8-11
4-7
0-3
Introduction and context
[15]
Structure
The introduction is inviting, states the main problem, and briefly explains the philosophical perspectives.  
The introduction clearly states the main problem, but it does not explain the philosophical perspectives.
The introduction does not state the main problem, but does touch on the philosophical perspectives.  
There is no clear introduction of the main topic or the philosophical perspectives.

16-20
11-15
6-10
0-5
Content
[40]
Critical discussions of theory/worldview
The content section is well structured to address the core aspects of the philosophical perspectives and includes an elaborative explanation of the situation.
The content section is structured to address the core aspects of the philosophical perspectives somewhat, and it includes somewhat of an explanation of the situation.
The content section is not well structured to address the core aspects of the philosophical perspectives, and it has a shallow explanation of the situation.
There is no clear structure of the philosophical perspective or no/shallow explanation of the situation.


8-10
5-7
3-4
0-2

Clear examples used for supporting arguments
Clear and relevant examples applicable to education context.
Examples lacking in clarity/explanation or not necessarily relevant to education context.
Examples are somewhat relevant to discourse.
Examples lacking.

Critical reflection of examples within theory/worldview context
The content section is well structured with a detailed critical reflection of examples in context of theory.
The content section is structured with some critical reflection, and somewhat of the student’s own substantiated opinion. 
The content section includes a superficial critical reflection, and basically nothing of the student’s own substantiated opinion.
There is no critical reflection, and the student’s own opinion is not properly substantiated.
Reasoning [10]
A proper and logical argument was applied to convey thoughts.
Somewhat of a proper argument was applied, but requires more support to carry thoughts. 
Somewhat of a proper argument was applied, but clear logical flaws present.
Structure of logic requires attention.

12-15
8-11
4-7
0-3
Conclusion
[15]
Structure and content
The conclusion is strong, especially in relation to the philosophical perspectives.
The conclusion is quite strong, with somewhat of a relation to the philosophical perspectives.
The conclusion is not strong, with only some relation to the philosophical perspectives.
There is no clear conclusion, the paper just ends.

7-8
5-6
3-4
1-2
Technical aspects
[20]
Key words
Definitions and key concepts clearly and accurately described. 
Use of definitions and key concepts clarified. 
Definitions and key concepts unclear/vague. 
No clarity on key concepts and definitions used 

Language and technical competence
Very good use of academic language and technical competence.
Good use of academic language, and good technical competence.  
Academic use of language needs attention, and technical competence is not sufficient.  
Both academic use of language and technical competence is not up to expected standard.  .

Reference list with additional academic sources

All sources are referenced correctly with an additional use of 1 academic sources.
Most sources are referenced correctly, with 1 academic sources used additionally.
Most sources are not referenced correctly and 1 additional academic sources were included.
 
