Finale assessering brief / Final assessment letter 
 2023 
Finale assessering inligting/ Final assessment information  1 
 
 UTEW221 - 2023 
 Kontak studente / Contact students / UDL students - studente 
Finale assessering / Final assessment 
 
 
FINALE ASSESSERING - VOORBEREIDING / FINAL ASSESSMENT - PREPARATION 
 
• Studeer alle PDF, die voorgeskrewe handboek asook addisionele leermateriaal (gelaai 
op eFundi) / Study all PDF &, the prescribed textbook and additional learning material 
(loaded on eFundi)  
• Maak seker oor wat gevra word en antwoord die vraag wanneer u seker is rondom dit 
wat van u verwag word.  / Make sure what is asked of you and answer the question 
when you are sure of what is expected of you.  
 
Die  module  bestaan  uit  die  onderstaande  komponente.  Jy  kan  voorberei  vir  /  The  module 
consists of the below components. You can prepare for: 
 
• Understanding the philosophical underpinnings of education 
• Paradigms and worldviews 
• Postmodernist developments: discourses on social justice and diversity 
• An ethic of Care in Education 
 
Final  assignment  /  assessment  UTEW221  2023  (*Can  be  found  under  Assignments 
[release date to be announced])  
 
An individual or group (2 members – pair) creative assessment of: max 1000 words or 5 
minutes or 8 slides (Pick 1 only!) 
 
You are tasked with the mission of planning, designing and  developing a creative message 
for the believe museum.  This message of yours to the future could, for example, take the form 
of, say: 
• A short (max five minutes) radio drama. 
• A short (max five-minutes) self-made video. 
• A well-constructed poem, a short story (max 1000 words). 
• A piece of children’s literature (max 1000 words). 
• A short documentary video (max five-minutes). 
• A docudrama (max five-minutes). 
• A short comedy drama (max five minutes). 
• An elaborate infographic, an explanatory poster presentation of A4-size. 
• A short slideshow presentation (max five-minutes duration and max eight (8) slides). 
• or literally anything else that your imagination could possibly come up with. Again: you 
have carte blanche! Be creative! Be innovative! Think outside the box!  
 
Minimum  of  one  page  with  a  supporting  clarification  documents,  escpecially  when  you  are 
doing abstract work. 
Finale assessering brief / Final assessment letter 
 2023 
Finale assessering inligting/ Final assessment information  2 
 
The  message  should  combine  all  you  have  learnt  from  this  module  and  address  a  specific 
issue affecting education in the context of an ethics of care for education. You can select one 
issue from the textbook (see chapters 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9). 
 
Note: 
The message should combine all you have learnt from this module and address,  a specific 
issue affecting education in the context of an ethics of care for education. 
 **Hint: Look at the current societal issues affecting education in our South African context that has been in the media of late. 
 
Marks will be awarded for: 
 
 
 
 
Sterkte / Good luck. 
 
Dates that the final assessment will be open on eFundi: 
Datum wat finale assessering oop sal wees op eFundi:  
 
Open Date: To be announced.  Keep an eye on Efundi. 
Close Date: Submission 27 October 2023 – 29 October 2023. 
(Load shedding context considered.  No late submission due to this context)   
DO NOT LEAVE FOR THE LAST MINUTE! 
 
Keep an eye on Efundi for uploaded content and announcements.  
Regards 